README.md, before:

# Answerly - Team J
- *docs* folder contains our product's website. 
- *Answerly* folder is our deliverable product.

Test our product on http://answerly.herokuapp.com

Frame/Technologied used to develop the product :


- Front-end : AngularJS

- Back-end : NodeJS with Express script

- Database : MongoDB hosted on www.mlab.com

- Hosting : Heroku



Steps to run the website locally :


1) Install NodeJS: https://nodejs.org/en/download/

2) Install SendGrid: npm install --save sendgrid and npm install sendgrid-rest

3) dependencies for Express.js: npm install express

4) Clone the repo.

5) Open command prompt and move to the folder Answerly.

6) Run the command "node app". You will se the output "Answerly is running on http://localhost:8080"

7) Open a browser and type in the address bar "localhost:8080". Our website will start running.



There are no credentials required. There is no login necessary to navigate and test our product.



In case you are unable to run our product for any reason, please feel free to contact :
Aagam Shah : +1 301-910-7658 or aagamshah2017@u.northwestern.edu

Commit message:

Updated readme to add spring quarter discussion

README.md, after:

# Answerly - Team J
- *docs* folder contains our product's website. 
- *Answerly* folder is our deliverable for Winter quarter.
- *RateMyClass* folder is our deliverable for Spring quarter.

Test our product Winter quarter product "Answerly" on http://answerly.herokuapp.com

Spring quarter product under construction.

Frame/Technologied used to develop the product :


- Front-end : AngularJS

- Back-end : NodeJS with Express script

- Database : MySQL (Spring), MongoDB hosted on www.mlab.com (Winter)

- Hosting : Heroku



Steps to run "Answerly" locally :


1) Install NodeJS: https://nodejs.org/en/download/

2) Install SendGrid: npm install --save sendgrid and npm install sendgrid-rest

3) dependencies for Express.js: npm install express

4) Clone the repo.

5) Open command prompt and move to the folder Answerly.

6) Run the command "node app". You will se the output "Answerly is running on http://localhost:8080"

7) Open a browser and type in the address bar "localhost:8080". Our website will start running.



There are no credentials required. There is no login necessary to navigate and test our product.



In case you are unable to run our product for any reason, please feel free to contact :
Aagam Shah : +1 301-910-7658 or aagamshah2017@u.northwestern.edu
